
# C1 : Forest Sons

## Description
 <div align="justify">
    Forest Sons is a volunteer company that has the objective of supporting Portugal and world forests. We have a community that cleans up forests, helping our environment while at the same time having fun socializing and making the world a better place. This website is the heart of this community because it's from here that people can learn more about the mission and the commitment that we have to it. The "Homepage", "Forests", "Our Work", "Gallery", "Blog" and "Inquiry" pages can be found on the website. The "Homepage" is the entry page that contains some information about the community and has access to the rest of the pages. On this page, we recognize the volunteer(s) who deserve to be recognized and display a series of charts that represent the community's annual or historical goals. On the "Forests" page we found all the cleaned forests by us and their information like the Forest Name, Location (link to go to maps), Picked Trash Quantity and a Discription. Another page is "Our Work", that contains a mini gallery with photos that represent our volunteer work, and information about the company such as who we are, what we do, our history, and why we chose this name and logo. The "Gallery" is a photo or video gallery that records our history and good moments. On our "Blog" page, we have news about everything that is happening in the world of forests. It will be display the post title, date of publication and description. Finally, the "Inquiry" is the most important page because it has the objective of giving the opportunity to anyone who wants to be a Forest Son.
 </div>

## Group _03_
* João Freitas [@joaofreitas04](https://github.com/joaofreitas04)
* Dário Costa Alves [@DarioCostaAlves](https://github.com/DarioCostaAlves)

---
[^ Main](../../..) | [Next >](c2.md)
:---| ---: